
This is a Widgit exercise.  The parameters are:
Please develop a application with a single form that allows users to order widgets. The web application should contain a form that collects the following pieces of data:

- The quantity of widgets (must be an integer - we can't ship partial widgets)
- The color the widgets should be painted (red, blue or yellow)
- The date by which the widgets are needed (which must be at least 1 week from the date the user is filling out the form)
- The type of widget the customer wants (Options are: "Widget", "Widget Pro" and "Widget Xtreme")

When the user submits the form, if the values in all of the fields are valid, your application should:

- Store the details of the order in a database
- Display a confirmation message that shows the user the details of the order they placed along with a unique order ID

The marketing department will get their design team to work on the UI once you're done, so don't worry about styling your application, but do try to keep the UI code clean enough that our designers can style it without too much trouble.

The sysadmins on the widget project are surprisingly laid back, so feel free to use whatever language and database you're most
comfortable with. It's up to you whether you use a framework or not. Please include a script to initialize the database and create whatever database objects your application needs so the sysadmins can get it up and running.

Conditions of Acceptance:

- Verify that the application has a form that displays the following fields:
    - Quantity
    - Color
    - Date needed by
    - Widget type
- Verify that all of the fields on the form must have values for the submission to pass validation.
- Verify that, when a user submits the form, the form data is persisted.
- Verify that the form validates the intended data types
- Verify that a confirmation message is displayed upon successful form submission
- Verify that the confirmation message includes a unique order ID
- Verify that the options presented are constrained appropriately

SQLite is the database.
